RFC: Client Crate Organization (#1936)
awslabs/smithy-rs: design/src/rfcs/rfc0024_client_crate_organization.md

├── paginator
|   ├── <One struct per paginated operation named `${operation}Paginator`>
|   └── <Zero to one struct(s) per paginated operation named `${operation}PaginatorItems`>
├── presigning
|   ├── config
|   |   ├── Builder
|   |   ├── Error
|   |   └── PresigningConfig
|   └── request
|       └── PresignedRequest
├── types
|   ├── AggregatedBytes (*)
|   ├── Blob (*)
|   ├── ByteStream (*)
|   ├── DateTime (*)
|   └── SdkError (*)
├── AppName (*)
├── Client
├── Config
├── Credentials (*)
├── Endpoint (*)
├── Error
├── ErrorExt (for some services)
├── PKG_VERSION
└── Region (*)
```

`(*)` - signifies that a type is re-exported from one of the runtime crates

The Crate Root
--------------

The crate root should only host the most frequently used types, or phrased differently,
the types that are critical to making a service call with default configuration,
or that are required for the most frequent config changes (such as setting credentials,
or changing the region/endpoint).

Previously, the following were exported in root:
```
.
├── AppName
├── Client
├── Config
├── Credentials
├── Endpoint
├── Error
├── ErrorExt (for some services)
├── PKG_VERSION
└── Region
```

> The `AppName` is infrequently set, and should be moved into `crate::config`. The `aws-config` crate
> drastically reduces the usefulness of `Credentials`, `Endpoint`, and `Region`, so these can move
> into `crate::config`. `ErrorExt` should be moved into `crate::error`, but `Error` should stay in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `AppName` is infrequently set, and should be moved into `crate::config`. We currently encourage users to import `Credentials`, `Endpoint`, and `Region` from the `aws-config` crate, so service crate reexports of these types can move into `crate::config`. `ErrorExt` should be moved into `crate::error`, but `Error` should stay in
```
